How to change windows icon with no external tools (#5739)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/export/changing_application_icon_for_windows.rst

Changing the file icon
----------------------

> In Godot 3.5 and Godot 4.0, you can change the file icon without

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Godot 3.5 and later, you can change the file icon without
```

Changing the file icon
----------------------

> For Godot 3.5 beta 3+ and Godot 4 alpha 5+ you can change file icon with no
> external tools, just running two GDScript files from console. Files and detailed
> description can be found here:
> 
> `Windows icon replacement scripts <https://github.com/pkowal1982/godoticon>`__
> 
> Changing icon this way should work for executables containing embedded PCK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Godot 3.5 and Godot 4.0, you can change the file icon without
external tools using `godoticon <https://github.com/pkowal1982/godoticon>`__.
Changing the file icon this way should work for executables containing
an embedded PCK.
```
